[`tests`] add `accelerate` marker (#21743)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/testing.mdx

```bash
pytest -k "test and ada" tests/test_optimization.py
```

### Run `accelerate` tests

> Sometimes you need yo run `accelerate` on your models you can just add `-m accelerate_tests` to your command, if let's say you want to run these tests on `OPT` run:

Author: ```suggestion
Sometimes you need to run `accelerate` tests on your models. For that you can just add `-m accelerate_tests` to your command, if let's say you want to run these tests on `OPT` run:
```
